sorry in this video I'm going to show
you these silhouettes to use and
recommend you use this to make ducks
geese worn in the manner it could be
applied to eating waterfowl species or
even turkeys without anybody to this
fifth level if I cut about using a jig
saw and painted them a mistake mounting
system on which I'll show you how to
make and you can mount these on a small
wood here a fiberglass poles and Penrod
not yet but tender the reason I'm making
this video is to show you all see off
and try it out we didn't find this and
make a decoy that those people correct
when making their own garage I kind of
do it here and make a good quality
hunting equal and then Alaska
hopefully sell four seasons
first step in creating one of these
decoys is make yourself a template
there's several websites out there that
provide free templates online what I'd
like to do is just look at pictures that
are on the internet and find pictures
that are in the pose that I want to make
for the decoy and then I just kind of go
from there and draw them myself they're
all like I said several websites that
provide these for free and websites like
mighty playboys and working to equalize
net that are free patterns remembers or
if you feel artistic enough you just
kind of make up yourselves like I do but
what I like to do is use old envelope
manila envelopes or just real thin it's
kind of like cardstock paper they hold
up better for when you're tracing them
and I just use a pencil and draw a
pattern down I like to go ahead and on
at least one of the patterns for
whatever species I'm doing I'd like to
go ahead and lay out the feather package
it must be quite as detailed as this but
it's good to kind of know where you want
to go with the decoy before you start
otherwise each decoy look different and
your quality from equal to decoy whereas
if you go ahead and do this you'll know
when you're 22 decoys going to look like
in the home it'll look more like a flock
of ducks alright the next step is going
to be delay you or patterns out on your
piece of plywood try to get them as
close to the line as you can to save as
much wood so you get more decoys out of
each sheet but I just use a pencil that
I think I like to do is whichever side
you've got your pattern on use the
opposite side to trace so that way if
you come across with your tracing you
come across you don't mark up your good
powder
all right now get my patterns laid out
over here they're coming over to see on
the Caleb it I just drilled with a
pencil what's your what you've got to
marked out go ahead and look over and
before you start cutting make sure
there's ninety spots you missed or any
light spots that you need to fill in
because sometimes when you're running
the cut tool that line you get hidden in
these grains especially if you've got a
darker grain in the wood you're using
you want to know what your cuttings that
we will cut into the deep core another
thing that some people do and I've done
in the past with corrugated plastic is
you can if you're cutting on a bunch of
silhouettes you can stack each piece of
ply water organic plastic whatever the
material is stack them up the depth of
your cutting blade and if you've got
strong enough so or if you've got bad
song you can cut them out like that
knock out a lot of people a lot faster